Once upon a time there was a retired turtle detective that loved sandwiches.  He liked them so much that they were the only thing he ever ate.  Then one day, on a day like any other, every sandwich in the world disappeared all at once. This struck a chord with the turtle because he was also extremely stubborn and didn't want to eat something that wasn't a sandwich. This meant that he had to once again come out of retirement to solve the most important case of his life because this stubborn turtle detective's life truly depended on it.  This wasn't going to be easy for him either because of the fact that he was just a regular old turtle and not a teenage mutant ninja one that could walk upright.  If he were, there wouldn't be a story to tell because he would just be eating pizza all day, and solving The Case of the Disappeared Sandwiches would be a very low priority.  However, this was just a simple turtle with a knack for cracking cases. Being a disgraced former detective with many burned bridges along the way wasn't going to make this easy either.  Some basic detective work got him his first lead.  It was a name. The name of the last person to have seen a sandwich on Earth. It was a name he hadn't heard in over a decade, a name that belonged to his ex-partner, Deandre the rabbit.  The turtle refused to believe this though.  He watched Deandre the rabbit die during The Case of the Thousand Acorn Heist in a fiery oak tree explosion 12 years earlier. Despite his initial beliefs, the turtle connected the inapparent dots between Deandre the rabbit faking his death and Earth's missing sandwiches. But before he was able to confront his ex partner and crack the case and save Earth's sandwiches he died because he was a stubborn turtle detective that only wanted to eat sandwiches. 

THE END

Or was it?  

Years later there was a boy.  He had grown up well and had a great family.  He spent his summers with his grandparents and had plenty of friends.  One day he felt a pain in his lower back.  He could not shake this pain.  Days of pain turned into weeks of pain.  He suddenly noticed one day upon waking up that the skin on his back became dry and painful to touch.  He began wearing big padded sweatshirts and puffy coats, sometimes it would be 85 degrees outside and he would be wearing these clothes just to cover his back.  He began to be very afraid.

He was slowly turning into a turtle and had no idea.